you
we always end up running where you went
going gets
when start go uphill like shut the Agena
it's not that I don't want it now I just
don't wanna be gone with my closest
enemies are no friends but friends you
gotta I'm just too honest sometimes I
just don't know where to draw the line
lunch to on it some time I just don't
know where to draw the line
so long now somehow nafari
so what you like i wanted you then my
diamond dinara just told you that I
loved then I'm the swear it still true I
just don't know what I do with my life
if I can't have you I'm just do want is
sometimes
life's don't know where to draw the line
I'm just too honest sometimes I just
don't know where to draw the line
you always in running away when going
day long when it's time to go up he'll
live shut the engine off hey whats up
guys thank you so much for watching I
hope you guys like that if you did be
sure to click the thumbs up button down
below hit the subscribe button up top if
you haven't already add your favorites
if you really liked it and just so you
know that song is going to be released
on my album the home sessions that
recording that you just heard is the
final CD version of it it's basically a
live CD where I did six songs live in my
little home studio and then one of the
songs the very last song on there is a
rough mix version of cardboard wings
that is going to be on the CD somewhere
else to call home which comes out in
probably early August so I hope you guys
like that that comes out one week from
tomorrow so tuesday jun 26th is when
that CD comes out so i hope you guys
pick it up anyway i will see you guys on
thursday with another song